Demos and Examples section with webstack-micro (#751)
veggiemonk/awesome-docker: README.md

- [Awesome Sysadmin](https://github.com/n1trux/awesome-sysadmin) by [@n1trux](https://github.com/n1trux)
- [ToolsOfTheTrade](https://github.com/cjbarber/ToolsOfTheTrade) a list of SaaS and On premise applications by [@cjbarber](https://github.com/cjbarber)

## Demos and Examples

> - [webstack-micro](https://github.com/ferbs/webstack-micro) Demo web app built with Docker Compose, showing how to set up an API Gateway, centralized authentication, background workers, and WebSockets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [webstack-micro](https://github.com/ferbs/webstack-micro) Demo web app written in JS, uses Docker Compose to assemble a handful of containerized services showing how to set up an API Gateway, centralized authentication, background workers, and WebSockets.
```
